Lin Lin, how did Jiaojia become a good wife?
Wasn't he deceived?
I just said, the taste of plain clothes in the suburbs,
Unexpectedly, I actually married my father as promised.
This heaven-shattering rich man, please let me prepare for your move from now on.
You, this damn girl Jiaojiao,
After flying up, he became a servant and ignored me.
No, I have to tell Jiaojia quickly.
Li Kang, right? Li Jiajia
Then I found your dead end, Mr. Gu.
Remember young people only if they have the same mood
What do you think about your overseas affairs?
Why do you need to have full status?
I leave my house as soon as I get up and down
Then know how much trade occurred
This time I'm not too shy.
During this period, I stayed in Xinyao for a few days.
My brother is coming to find me
Might make Ross fly better